Engelca/1135 1178 1179 improve access ram3 documentation (#1181)
ACCESS-Hive/access-hive.github.io: docs/models/run_a_model/run_access-ram3.md

{{ model }} is an ACCESS-NRI-supported configuration of the [UK Met Office (UKMO)](https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/) Regional Nesting Suite for high-resolution regional atmosphere modelling. A description of the model and its components is available in the [{{ model }} overview]({{ access_models }}/#{{ model }}).

> {{ model }} comprises multiple suites: the [Regional Ancillary Suite (RAS)](#ras) that generate ancillary files (i.e., input files) and the [Regional Nesting Suite (RNS)](#rns) which runs the regional forecast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ model }} comprises two suites: the [Regional Ancillary Suite (RAS)](#ras) that generates ancillary files (i.e., input files) and the [Regional Nesting Suite (RNS)](#rns) which runs the regional forecast. There is an optional third suite to generate ancillary files using OSTIA initial and boundary conditions - see instructions on how to run the OSTIA suite in the [access-ram3-configs]({{config_docs}}).
```

### {{ model }} configuration

> {{ model }} comprises multiple different suites: a [Regional Ancillary Suite (RAS)](#ras) and a [Regional Nesting Suite (RNS)](#rns).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ model }} comprises two different suites: a [Regional Ancillary Suite (RAS)](#ras) and a [Regional Nesting Suite (RNS)](#rns).
```
